<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE task PUBLIC "-//IBM//DTD DITA IBM Task//EN" "ibm-task.dtd">
<task id="accessing_expanded_channel_views" xml:lang="en-us">
<title>Accessing Expanded channel views</title>
<!--To optimize search results, add tags that clarify product name, target platform, or other contexts. To enable the tags, right-click, select Refactoring > Toggle Comment.-->
<!--<titlealts><navtitle></navtitle><searchtitle></searchtitle></titlealts>-->
<!--Put your short description next; used for first paragraph and abstract.-->
<shortdesc>Use the Expanded channel view of a report to examine customer behavior within each of the
channels in the paths.</shortdesc>
<!--To optimize PDF retrievability, add prolog and indexing tags that help crystalize why users should be looking up this topic (purpose, task, and what they will learn)-->
<!--<prolog><metadata><keywords><indexterm></indexterm></keywords></metadata></prolog>-->
<taskbody>
<steps>
<step>
<cmd>Open the report that you want to view.</cmd>
<substeps>
<substep>
<cmd>In the title bar, click <uicontrol>Report Status</uicontrol>.</cmd>
</substep>
<substep>
<cmd>Under <uicontrol>Completed reports</uicontrol>, select the report that you want to view.</cmd>
<info>
<note>If the report returned results, it is listed in the menu as "Completed" with the date and time
that the report finished running. If the report is listed as "No data found", you can try modifying
the report criteria to obtain results.</note>
<p>The Channel Summary of the report opens with the Separated view displayed by default.</p>
</info>
</substep>
</substeps>
</step>
<step>
<cmd>To access the Expanded view of a path, click one of the channel icons in the path, or click
<uicontrol>Options</uicontrol> and select <uicontrol>Expanded view</uicontrol> from the
<uicontrol>Actions</uicontrol> menu.</cmd>
<stepresult>
<p>The Expanded view opens and displays the Aggregates view of the selected channel. If you opened
the Expanded view from the <uicontrol>Actions</uicontrol> menu, the first channel in the path is
selected.</p>
</stepresult>
</step>
<step>
<cmd>Click <uicontrol>Micro-paths</uicontrol> to view the micro-paths for the selected
channel.</cmd>
</step>
</steps>
</taskbody>
</task>
