<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE concept PUBLIC "-//IBM//DTD DITA IBM Concept//EN" "ibm-concept.dtd">
<concept id="events" xml:lang="en-us">
<title>Events in <keyword conref="../../Common/common_names.dita#conrefs/journey_analytics_short"
/></title>
<!--To optimize search results, add tags that clarify product name, target platform, or other contexts. To enable the tags, right-click, select Refactoring > Toggle Comment.-->
<!--<titlealts><navtitle></navtitle><searchtitle></searchtitle></titlealts>-->
<!--Put your short description next; used for first paragraph and abstract.-->
<shortdesc>Events are interactions between a customer and your organization or brand. The customer
paths in your Journey Analytics reports can include any events that are shared with Journey
Analytics by event publishers through IBM Universal Behavior Exchange (UBX). </shortdesc>
<conbody>
<p>Event types vary according to channel. For example, in the Web channel, event data is captured
when a customer performs a cart purchase, completes a conversion, or views information about a
product. In the Email channel, event data is captured when a user opens an email or clicks a link in
an email.</p>
<p> For each channel in a path, you can gain a deeper understanding of how customers interacted in
the channel by comparing the different events that occurred in the channel. Looking at the events
that are associated with each channel in a customer path can help you answer the following types of
questions:</p>
<ul>
<li>What are the most common customer behaviors within a channel? When customers visit your website,
what do they do most often? </li>
<li>What are the most common events across all channels in the path? For example, if customers
experience a struggle in the web channel, do they also experience struggles in other channels?</li>
<li>For an event that can occur in more than one channel, is it more common in one channel than in
another? For example, do more customers watch a video on your website than on your mobile
application? </li>
</ul>
<section>
<title>Event attributes</title>
<p>Each event consists of attributes that are specific to the event type. For example, the Viewed
Product event contains attributes for the category, name, and description of the event, the URL of
the product image, and product size. When you define the journey paths that you want to analyze, you
can use one or more event attributes to confine your results to a particular subset of customers.
For example, you can filter the Product Name attribute of the Cart Purchased event to limit your
results to customers who purchased a particular product.</p>
<p> For descriptions of all the events available in <keyword
conref="../../Common/common_names.dita#conrefs/journey_analytics_short"/> and their attributes, see
the Events reference. For more information about event subscription and event publishing, see the
IBM Universal Behavior Exchange documentation.</p>
</section>
</conbody>
</concept>
