<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE concept PUBLIC "-//IBM//DTD DITA IBM Concept//EN" "ibm-concept.dtd">
<concept id="Journey_Analytics_overview" xml:lang="en-us">
<title><keyword conref="../../Common/common_names.dita#conrefs/journey_analytics_long"/>
overview</title>
<!--To optimize search results, add tags that clarify product name, target platform, or other contexts. To enable the tags, right-click, select Refactoring > Toggle Comment.-->
<!--<titlealts><navtitle></navtitle><searchtitle></searchtitle></titlealts>-->
<!--Put your short description next; used for first paragraph and abstract.-->
<shortdesc><keyword conref="../../Common/common_names.dita#conrefs/journey_analytics_long"/>
provides a visual representation of the paths that customers take as they interact with your brand
across multiple interactions and channels. The insights that you gain from customer path analysis
can help you to improve business outcomes and deliver consistent and satisfying customer
experiences.</shortdesc>
<conbody>
<p> Many customer interactions occur during multi-event, multi-channel journeys. For example, a
customer might see an item in a store, then check comparable products and prices on websites by
using a smartphone, ask for advice from family and friends on a social network, and then finally
make a purchase by using a tablet. <keyword
conref="../../Common/common_names.dita#conrefs/journey_analytics_short"/> helps you to understand
this customer journey as a whole, without having to use separate tools to examine channels. You can
then share your insights with customer experience designers, which can help them to design and
deliver more consistent customer experiences that support your business goals and drive customer
loyalty.</p>
<p>Drill into a journey path to see which channels and digital assets your customers interact with.
You can determine which paths they take, which customers complete conversions such as high-value
purchases, and where they exit the interaction.</p>
<p>You can study the top paths customers travel in various ways, including the most traveled paths,
the shortest paths, and the paths that generate the most revenue. This analysis can help you to
determine whether your current marketing programs are influencing customer behavior in the ways that
you expect. These insights can help you to deliver customer experiences that increase conversions,
shorten the buying cycle, and deliver better user experiences across all channels.</p>
</conbody>
</concept>
