<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE task PUBLIC "-//IBM//DTD DITA IBM Task//EN" "ibm-task.dtd">
<task id="registering_JA_as_an_endpoint" xml:lang="en-us">
<title> Registering <keyword conref="../../Common/common_names.dita#conrefs/journey_analytics_short"
/> as an endpoint in IBM Universal Behavior Exchange test new title</title>
<!--To optimize search results, add tags that clarify product name, target platform, or other contexts. To enable the tags, right-click, select Refactoring > Toggle Comment.-->
<!--<titlealts><navtitle></navtitle><searchtitle></searchtitle></titlealts>-->
<!--Put your short description next; used for first paragraph and abstract.-->
<shortdesc><keyword conref="../../Common/common_names.dita#conrefs/journey_analytics_short"/>
receives all of its customer data for reporting (THIS IS MY CHANGE) from IBX Universal Behavior
Exchange (UBX). To receive this data, <keyword
conref="../../Common/common_names.dita#conrefs/journey_analytics_short"/> must be registered as a
subscriber endpoint in your UBX account.</shortdesc>
<!--To optimize PDF retrievability, add prolog and indexing tags that help crystalize why users should be looking up this topic (purpose, task, and what they will learn)-->
<!--<prolog><metadata><keywords><indexterm></indexterm></keywords></metadata></prolog>-->
<taskbody>
<context>
<p>Use the UBX user interface to register as an endpoint. For instructions and more information
about endpoint registration, see the <i>IBM Universal Behavior Exchange User's Guide</i>.</p>
</context>
<steps>
<step>
<cmd>Log in to UBX and provide the following information in the Endpoint registration wizard.</cmd>
<info>
<table frame="all" rowsep="1" colsep="1" id="table_dxg_dxw_mv">
<tgroup cols="2">
<colspec colname="c1" colnum="1" colwidth="1*"/>
<colspec colname="c2" colnum="2" colwidth="1.97*"/>
<thead>
<row>
<entry>Field</entry>
<entry>Description</entry>
</row>
</thead>
<tbody>
<row>
<entry>Endpoint authorization key</entry>
<entry>Authorization key provided by UBX provisioning.</entry>
</row>
<row>
<entry>User name</entry>
<entry>User name as defined by your <keyword
conref="../../Common/common_names.dita#conrefs/journey_analytics_short"/> account in IBM Silverpop
Engage. The user name is typically in email address format, but it is not your email address. For
example, <userinput>&lt;your_name>@&lt;your_company>.journeyanalytics.com</userinput>.</entry>
</row>
<row>
<entry>Org_id2</entry>
<entry>Customer ID that is associated with <keyword
conref="../../Common/common_names.dita#conrefs/journey_analytics_short"/>. The
<uicontrol>Org_id2</uicontrol> value is an integer, input as a string.</entry>
</row>
<row>
<entry>Pod</entry>
<entry>Two-digit number of the database instance that contains your customer record (for example,
<userinput>05</userinput>). <keyword
conref="../../Common/common_names.dita#conrefs/journey_analytics_short"/> requires this value
because your organization ID might be included in multiple user authentication instances. <keyword
conref="../../Common/common_names.dita#conrefs/journey_analytics_short"/> names the tables and
identifies customer metadata by concatenating the <uicontrol>org_id2</uicontrol> value with the
<uicontrol>Pod</uicontrol> number (for example, <userinput>1234_01</userinput>).</entry>
</row>
</tbody>
</tgroup>
</table>
</info>
</step>
</steps>
</taskbody>
</task>
