<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE concept PUBLIC "-//IBM//DTD DITA IBM Concept//EN" "ibm-concept.dtd">
<concept id="touch_points_interactions_and_events" xml:lang="en-us">
<title>Touch points, interactions, and events</title>
<!--To optimize search results, add tags that clarify product name, target platform, or other contexts. To enable the tags, right-click, select Refactoring > Toggle Comment.-->
<!--<titlealts><navtitle></navtitle><searchtitle></searchtitle></titlealts>-->
<!--Put your short description next; used for first paragraph and abstract.-->
<shortdesc>Touch points are points on a path where customers and an organization make contact, or
attempt to make contact. Each touch point is associated with a specific interaction, called an
event.</shortdesc>
<conbody>
<p>The customer paths in <keyword
conref="../../Common/common_names.dita#conrefs/journey_analytics_short"/> reports can include any
events that are shared with <keyword
conref="../../Common/common_names.dita#conrefs/journey_analytics_short"/> by event publishers
through IBM Universal Behavior Exchange (UBX).</p>
<p>For each channel in a path, you can gain a deeper understanding of how customers interacted in
the channel by comparing the different events that occurred in the channel. Event types vary
according to channel, and they can be initiated by customers or by your company. Examples of
customer-initiated events include Cart Purchase, Conversion, and Email Open. <!--Examples of
company-initiated events include Sent Email, Presented Offer, and Sent Reminder.--></p>
<p>Looking at the events that are associated with each channel in a customer path can help you
answer the following types of questions:</p>
<ul>
<li>
<p>What are the most common customer behaviors within a channel? For example, when customers visit
your website, what do they do most often?</p>
</li>
<li>
<p>What are the most common events across all channels in the path? For example, if customers
experience a struggle in the web channel, do they also experience struggles in other channels?</p>
</li>
<li>
<p>For an event that can occur in more than one channel, is it more common in one channel than in
another? For example, do more customers watch a video on your website than on your mobile
application?</p>
</li>
</ul>
<p>For more information about events, see the IBM Universal Behavior Exchange documentation.</p>
<!--Add xref to UBX doc?--></conbody>
</concept>
