<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE concept PUBLIC "-//IBM//DTD DITA IBM Concept//EN" "ibm-concept.dtd">
<concept id="use_case_analyzing_paths" xml:lang="en-us">
<title>Use case: Analyzing customer paths that led to a purchase</title>
<!--To optimize search results, add tags that clarify product name, target platform, or other contexts. To enable the tags, right-click, select Refactoring > Toggle Comment.-->
<!--<titlealts><navtitle></navtitle><searchtitle></searchtitle></titlealts>-->
<!--Put your short description next; used for first paragraph and abstract.-->
<!--Use Journey Analytics Marketing Business Case GA Hills.odp as source-->
<shortdesc>This use case describes how a customer data analyst can use <keyword
conref="../../Common/common_names.dita#conrefs/journey_analytics_short"/> to examine customer paths
that led to the purchase of a product. Insights gained from this analysis can be shared with
customer experience designers, who can use them to design new customer experiences for future
product launches.</shortdesc>
<conbody>
<section>
<title>Scenario</title>
<p>Last year, CityCool, a developer of consumer technology, unveiled a new electronic watch called
SleekFit. After a profitable market response and positive feedback from consumers, CityCool is ready
to launch Sleekﬁt 2.0. Anthony, CityCool's customer experience analyst, wants to support the Sleekﬁt
2.0 launch to help their emerging wearable products division meet their business goal of increasing
revenue by 10%.</p>
</section>
<section>
<title>Configuring the report criteria</title>
<p>Anthony logs in to <keyword
conref="../../Common/common_names.dita#conrefs/journey_analytics_short"/> and enters criteria to
focus his analysis. <!--He limits his analysis to the Top-Tier Buyers segment.--> He specifies that he
wants to see only the top five paths, ranked by the most traveled.</p>
<p>Next, Anthony decides to limit the results only to paths that ended in a cart purchase of the
Sleekfit 1.0 product. He sets the look-back range to seven days to see all of the interactions that
occurred during the seven days that led up to the purchase. Then, he runs the report.</p>
</section>
<section>
<title>Analyzing the results</title>
<p>The results show the top five most-traveled paths that led to a purchase of Sleekfit 1.0, and the
channels that customers used along these paths. Anthony notices that many of the customers watched a
promotional video about the Sleekfit 1.0, and then applied a special offer when they made the
purchase.</p>
</section>
<section>
<title>Sharing insights</title>
<p>Anthony shares what he has learned with CityCool’s user experience design team. The customer
experience designers can then use Journey Designer to design a storyboard template as the foundation
for new customer experience designs for the Sleekfit 2.0 launch.</p>
</section>
</conbody>
</concept>
