<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE task PUBLIC "-//IBM//DTD DITA IBM Task//EN" "ibm-task.dtd">
<task id="creating_path_reports" xml:lang="en-us">
<title>Creating path reports</title>
<!--To optimize search results, add tags that clarify product name, target platform, or other contexts. To enable the tags, right-click, select Refactoring > Toggle Comment.-->
<!--<titlealts><navtitle></navtitle><searchtitle></searchtitle></titlealts>-->
<!--Put your short description next; used for first paragraph and abstract.-->
<shortdesc>Create a path report request to specify the criteria for the customer paths that you want
to analyze.</shortdesc>
<!--To optimize PDF retrievability, add prolog and indexing tags that help crystalize why users should be looking up this topic (purpose, task, and what they will learn)-->
<!--<prolog><metadata><keywords><indexterm></indexterm></keywords></metadata></prolog>-->
<taskbody>
<prereq>For information about the report criteria you must specify to create a path report, see
<xref href="path_reports.dita"/>. </prereq>
<steps>
<step>
<cmd>Click the <uicontrol><keyword
conref="../../Common/common_names.dita#conrefs/journey_analytics_long"/></uicontrol> link in the
title bar to open the <wintitle>Path Analysis</wintitle> page.</cmd>
</step>
<step>
<cmd>Select a segment from the <uicontrol>Segment</uicontrol> list, or accept the default value of
<uicontrol>All customers</uicontrol>.</cmd>
</step>
<step>
<cmd>Select a path ranking option from the <uicontrol>Report options</uicontrol> list.</cmd>
</step>
<step id="step4">
<cmd>Click <uicontrol>Start</uicontrol> or <uicontrol>End</uicontrol> touch point on the
<wintitle>Path Analysis</wintitle> page to define a start or end  touch point for the path.</cmd>
</step>
<step>
<cmd>Select an event to associate with the touch point.</cmd>
</step>
<step importance="optional">
<cmd>To view details about the event, including event attributes, provider, and publisher, open the
<uicontrol>Details</uicontrol> box.</cmd>
</step>
<step>
<cmd>Open the <uicontrol>Event Options</uicontrol> box and specify the date range that you want to
report on for this event.</cmd>
</step>
<step importance="optional">
<cmd>Add one or more filter conditions to the event.</cmd>
<substeps>
<substep>
<cmd>Click <uicontrol>Add filter</uicontrol>.</cmd>
</substep>
<substep>
<cmd>Select an event attribute and operator from the lists.</cmd>
</substep>
<substep>
<cmd>Enter a value to filter on.</cmd>
</substep>
<substep>
<cmd>If you want to add another filter criteria, click <uicontrol>Add another
criterion</uicontrol>.</cmd>
</substep>
<substep>
<cmd>Select the filtering logic that you want to use from the list at the top of the window:</cmd>
<info>
<ul>
<li><uicontrol>Satisfy all below</uicontrol> applies AND logic to the filter processing. Events must
meet all of the listed filter conditions to be included in the results.</li>
<li><uicontrol>Satisfy any below</uicontrol> applies OR logic to the filter processing. Events that
meet any of the listed filter conditions are included in the results.</li>
</ul>
</info>
</substep>
<substep>
<cmd>When you are finished adding filters, click <uicontrol>Done</uicontrol>.</cmd>
</substep>
</substeps>
</step>
<step id="step9">
<cmd>Click <uicontrol>Add touch point</uicontrol>.</cmd>
</step>
<step importance="optional">
<cmd>To define another touch point, repeat steps 4 - 9 for the undefined touch point.</cmd>
</step>
<step>
<cmd>Click the look-back or look-forward link on the path diagram to specify the number of days in
the range, or accept the default range of 14 days.</cmd>
<info>
<p>
<note>If your path includes both a start point and an end point, you do not need to specify a
look-back or look-forward range. The results for paths that have both touch points defined include
all interactions that occurred between the two touch points.</note>
</p>
</info>
<substeps>
<substep>
<cmd>Enter the number of days to look back or forward in the box.</cmd>
</substep>
<substep>
<cmd>Click <uicontrol>Done</uicontrol>.</cmd>
</substep>
</substeps>
</step>
<step>
<cmd>Click <uicontrol>Run report</uicontrol>.</cmd>
<stepresult>
<p>You can access completed reports from the <uicontrol>Report status</uicontrol> menu.</p>
<p>If your report returned no data, you can modify the event options and rerun the report.</p>
</stepresult>
</step>
</steps>
</taskbody>
</task>
