<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE concept PUBLIC "-//IBM//DTD DITA IBM Concept//EN" "ibm-concept.dtd">
<concept id="start_and_end_touch_points" xml:lang="en-us">
<title>Start and end touch points</title>
<!--To optimize search results, add tags that clarify product name, target platform, or other contexts. To enable the tags, right-click, select Refactoring > Toggle Comment.-->
<!--<titlealts><navtitle></navtitle><searchtitle></searchtitle></titlealts>-->
<!--Put your short description next; used for first paragraph and abstract.-->
<shortdesc>When you configure a path request, you must specify a start point or an end point for the
path. You can also define both a start point and an end point.</shortdesc>
<conbody>
<p>A touch point is associated with an interaction, also called an event. For example, you might
specify an event such as opening an email as the start touch point for a path. Or, you might specify
a cart purchase as the end point of a path. If you define a start touch point, the path contains
interactions that followed the start point. If you define an end touch point, the path contains
interactions that led to the end touch point. If you define both a start point and an end point, the
path contains interactions that occurred between the two points.</p>
<p>When you add a start or end touch point to your path request, you must specify the following
criteria to define the touch point:</p>
<ul>
<li>Event type</li>
<li>Filter criteria</li>
<li>Date range</li>
</ul>
<section>
<title>Event type</title>
<p>Event types vary according to channel, and they can be initiated by customers or by your company.
Each event type contains attributes that define the event. For example, the Cart Purchase Item event
can include attributes such as the product name and price. You can view the list of attributes, and
other details about an event, when you define the touch point.</p>
<!--<p>The following table shows some of the most common event types for the web, email, and mobile app
channels.</p>
<table frame="all" rowsep="1" colsep="1" id="table_sss_r3g_jt">
<title>Common event types for the web, email, and mobile application channels</title>
<tgroup cols="3">
<colspec colname="c1" colnum="1" colwidth="1.0*"/>
<colspec colname="c2" colnum="2" colwidth="1.0*"/>
<colspec colname="c3" colnum="3" colwidth="1.0*"/>
<thead>
<row>
<entry>Web</entry>
<entry>Email</entry>
<entry>Mobile application</entry>
</row>
</thead>
<tbody>
<row>
<entry>Send </entry>
<entry>Opened</entry>
<entry>Install</entry>
</row>
<row>
<entry>Open</entry>
<entry>Deleted</entry>
<entry>Uninstall </entry>
</row>
<row>
<entry>Click </entry>
<entry>Clicked link</entry>
<entry>Session Start</entry>
</row>
<row>
<entry>Bounce</entry>
<entry>Unsubscribed</entry>
<entry>Session End</entry>
</row>
<row>
<entry>Opt Out</entry>
<entry/>
<entry>Send</entry>
</row>
<row>
<entry>Opt In</entry>
<entry/>
<entry>Click</entry>
</row>
</tbody>
</tgroup>
</table>-->
<p/>
</section>
<section>
<title>Filter criteria</title>
<p>You can limit the path results by filtering on any of the event attributes. For example, you can
filter the Email Open event by message name or message ID.</p>
</section>
<section>
<title>Event date range</title>
<p>When you select an event as the start or end touch point of a path, you can limit results by
specifying an event date range. The path results contain only events that occurred within the date
range that you specify.</p>
</section>
</conbody>
</concept>
