<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE concept PUBLIC "-//IBM//DTD DITA IBM Concept//EN" "ibm-concept.dtd">
<concept id="use_case_analyzing_paths" xml:lang="en-us">
<title>Use case scenario: Analyzing customer paths that led to a purchase</title>
<!--To optimize search results, add tags that clarify product name, target platform, or other contexts. To enable the tags, right-click, select Refactoring > Toggle Comment.-->
<!--<titlealts><navtitle></navtitle><searchtitle></searchtitle></titlealts>-->
<!--Put your short description next; used for first paragraph and abstract.-->
<!--Use Journey Analytics Marketing Business Case GA Hills.odp as source-->
<shortdesc>A customer data analyst can use Journey Analytics to examine customer paths that led to
the purchase of a product. These insights can be shared with customer experience designers, who can
use them to design new customer experiences for future product launches.</shortdesc>
<conbody>
<p>Last year, CityCool, a developer of consumer technology, unveiled a new electronic watch called
SleekFit. After a profitable market response and positive feedback from consumers, CityCool is ready
to launch Sleekﬁt 2.0. Anthony, CityCool's customer experience analyst, wants to support the Sleekﬁt
2.0 launch to help their emerging wearable products division meet their business goal of increasing
revenue by 10%.</p>
<p>Anthony logs in to <keyword
conref="../../Common/common_names.dita#conrefs/journey_analytics_short"/> and enters criteria to
focus his analysis. He uses the path analysis features of <keyword
conref="../../Common/common_names.dita#conrefs/journey_analytics_short"/> to limit his analysis to
the Top-Tier Buyers segment. He specifies that he wants to see only the top five paths, ranked by
the most traveled.</p>
<p>Next, Anthony defines an end anchor touch point to limit the results only to paths that ended in
a cart purchase of the Sleekfit 1.0 product. He sets the look-back range to seven days to see all of
the interactions that occurred during the seven days that led up to the purchase. Then, he runs the
report.</p>
<p>The results show the top five most-traveled paths that led to a purchase of Sleekfit 1.0, and the
channels that customers used along the path. Anthony views a more detailed time-lapse analysis of a
path. Although the average time elapsed between the promotional email and the cart purchase touch
points was seven days, most Top Tier Buyers bought a Sleekfit 1.0 within two days of receiving an
email with a Free Shipping offer. Anthony saves the path analysis and uses the Collaboration feature
to share what he has learned with CityCool’s user experience design team. He can then use Journey
Designer to recommend a storyboard template as the foundation for new customer experience
designs.</p>
</conbody>
</concept>
