<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE reference PUBLIC "-//IBM//DTD DITA IBM Reference//EN" "ibm-reference.dtd">
<reference id="cart_purchase" xml:lang="en-us">
<title>Cart Purchase</title>
<shortdesc>Information that describes a cart of items that an individual purchased through a web
site. This event contains characteristics for the entire purchase.</shortdesc>
<refbody>
<section>
<p>Event Code: <userinput>ibmcartPurchase</userinput></p>
<p>Publisher: <keyword conref="../../Common/common_names.dita#conrefs/core_long"/></p>
</section>
<section>
<title>Event attributes</title>
<table frame="all" id="table_yjj_xwh_kt" pgwide="1">
<tgroup cols="5">
<colspec colname="c1" colnum="1" colwidth="2.0*"/>
<colspec colname="c2" colnum="2" colwidth="1.0*"/>
<colspec colname="c3" colnum="3" colwidth="2.0*"/>
<colspec colname="c4" colnum="4" colwidth="3.0*"/>
<colspec colname="c5" colnum="5" colwidth="1.0*"/>
<thead>
<row>
<entry align="center">Attribute Name</entry>
<entry align="center">Data Type</entry>
<entry align="center">Example </entry>
<entry align="center">Description</entry>
<entry align="center">Required</entry>
</row>
</thead>
<tbody>
<row>
<entry>Currency</entry>
<entry>string</entry>
<entry>EUR</entry>
<entry>Type of currency.</entry>
<entry/>
</row>
<row>
<entry>Description</entry>
<entry>string</entry>
<entry>&lt;Text></entry>
<entry>Description of the event to provide context for the event.</entry>
<entry/>
</row>
<row>
<entry>eventName</entry>
<entry>string</entry>
<entry>Aggregate Purchase</entry>
<entry>Name of the event as it appears in the user interface.</entry>
<entry align="center">Yes</entry>
</row>
<row>
<entry>interactionId</entry>
<entry>integer</entry>
<entry>12345</entry>
<entry>
<p>Unique identifier for a visit. Sometimes called a session ID.</p>
<p>For example, if a <userinput>cookieId</userinput> identifies a visitor, the
<userinput>interactionId</userinput> identifies a visit by that person. One person can generate
multiple visits, which are distinguished by multiple <userinput>interactionIds</userinput>
</p>
</entry>
<entry align="center">Yes</entry>
</row>
<row>
<entry>orderDiscount</entry>
<entry>integer</entry>
<entry>150.00</entry>
<entry>Amount that is deducted from order sub total.</entry>
<entry/>
</row>
<row>
<entry>Order ID</entry>
<entry>string</entry>
<entry>5678</entry>
<entry>Identifies a specific purchase.</entry>
<entry align="center">Yes</entry>
</row>
<row>
<entry>Order Promo</entry>
<entry>string</entry>
<entry>AS678</entry>
<entry>Promotional code/offer used at checkout.</entry>
<entry/>
</row>
<row>
<entry>orderShipping</entry>
<entry>&lt;value></entry>
<entry>number</entry>
<entry>Amount of shipping added to total order.</entry>
<entry align="center"></entry>
</row>
<row>
<entry>orderSubTotal</entry>
<entry>integer</entry>
<entry>775.50</entry>
<entry>Order amount before sales, discounts, tax, and any other charges.</entry>
<entry/>
</row>
<row>
<entry>orderTax</entry>
<entry>integer</entry>
<entry>31.28</entry>
<entry>Tax amount on the total cart order.</entry>
<entry/>
</row>
<row>
<entry>orderTotal</entry>
<entry>integer</entry>
<entry>625.50</entry>
<entry>Total order amount. The amount should not include shipping, but might include sales or
discounts.</entry>
<entry align="center">Yes</entry>
</row>
<row>
<entry>productList</entry>
<entry>string</entry>
<entry>Comma delimited list of product IDs</entry>
<entry>The product IDs of the items purchased.</entry>
<entry/>
</row>
<row>
<entry>quantity</entry>
<entry>integer</entry>
<entry>5</entry>
<entry>Total number of individual items in the cart.</entry>
<entry align="center">Yes</entry>
</row>
<row>
<entry>shippingType</entry>
<entry>string</entry>
<entry>Priority</entry>
<entry>Shipping method selected by customer.</entry>
<entry/>
</row>
</tbody>
</tgroup>
</table>
</section>
</refbody>
</reference>
