<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!--Arbortext, Inc., 1988-2011, v.4002-->
<!DOCTYPE concept PUBLIC "-//IBM//DTD DITA IBM Concept//EN"
 "ibm-concept.dtd">
<?Pub Sty _display FontColor="red"?>
<?Pub Inc?>
<concept id="booknotices" xml:lang="en-us">
<title>Notices</title><?Pub Caret -2?>
<!--"Legal" Notices. Make this the last appendix, the only appendix, 
or a separate division before any other back matter.
See: http://utic.raleigh.ibm.com/help/topic/com.ibm.utic.publishing.doc/doc/notices_books.html-->
<conbody>
<!--All books: Follow the first level heading with this text. Replace U.S.A. (in the first sentence) as appropriate. The country that you specify should be a country where the product is marketed. If you are uncertain what country to use, consult your local IP Law department.-->
<p>This information was developed for products and services offered
in the U.S.A. </p>
<p><tm tmtype="reg" trademark="IBM">IBM</tm> may not offer the products,
services, or features discussed in this document in other countries.
Consult your local <tm tmtype="reg" trademark="IBM">IBM</tm> representative
for information on the products and services currently available in
your area. Any reference to an <tm tmtype="reg" trademark="IBM">IBM</tm> product,
program, or service is not intended to state or imply that only that <tm
tmtype="reg" trademark="IBM">IBM</tm> product, program, or service
may be used. Any functionally equivalent product, program, or service
that does not infringe any <tm tmtype="reg" trademark="IBM">IBM</tm> intellectual
property right may be used instead. However, it is the user's responsibility
to evaluate and verify the operation of any non-IBM product, program,
or service.  </p>
<p><tm tmtype="reg" trademark="IBM">IBM</tm> may have patents or pending
patent applications covering subject matter described in this document.
The furnishing of this document does not grant you any license to
these patents. You can send license inquiries, in writing, to:  <lines>IBM Director of Licensing
IBM Corporation
North Castle Drive
Armonk, NY 10504-1785
U.S.A. 
</lines></p>
<!--Software books only: If your information is distributed in Asia Pacific countries, include the following statement. -->
<p>For license inquiries regarding double-byte (DBCS) information,
contact the <tm tmtype="reg" trademark="IBM">IBM</tm> Intellectual
Property Department in your country or send inquiries, in writing,
to: <lines>Intellectual Property Licensing
Legal and Intellectual Property Law
IBM Japan, Ltd.
19-21, Nihonbashi-Hakozakicho, Chuo-ku
Tokyo 103-8510, Japan</lines></p>
<!--All books: Use this paragraph as it is shown here. -->
<p><ph>The following paragraph does not apply to the United Kingdom
or any other country where such provisions are inconsistent with local
law:</ph> INTERNATIONAL BUSINESS MACHINES CORPORATION PROVIDES THIS
PUBLICATION "AS IS" WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EITHER EXPRESS OR
IMPLIED, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF
NON-INFRINGEMENT, MERCHANTABILITY OR FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE.
Some states do not allow disclaimer of express or implied warranties
in certain transactions, therefore, this statement may not apply to
you. </p>
<p>This information could include technical inaccuracies or typographical
errors. Changes are periodically made to the information herein; these
changes will be incorporated in new editions of the publication. <tm
tmtype="reg" trademark="IBM">IBM</tm> may make improvements and/or
changes in the product(s) and/or the program(s) described in this
publication at any time without notice. </p>
<!--All books: This paragraph addresses general issues of exposure in publishing non-IBM Web addresses. Some sites might require Intellectual Property Law (IPL) review of these references because of specific attributes of specific products or specific uses of Web addresses. If you know (or think you know) of questionable circumstances surrounding a non-IBM Web address that you want to use, contact your site IPL.-->
<p>Any references in this information to non-IBM Web sites are provided
for convenience only and do not in any manner serve as an endorsement
of those Web sites. The materials at those Web sites are not part
of the materials for this <tm tmtype="reg" trademark="IBM">IBM</tm> product
and use of those Web sites is at your own risk. </p>
<!--All books: This paragraph is required to inform readers that any information that they submit to IBM becomes the property of IBM. -->
<p><tm tmtype="reg" trademark="IBM">IBM</tm> may use or distribute
any of the information you supply in any way it believes appropriate
without incurring any obligation to you.</p>
<!--Software books only: Use this statement in books for software products. Use the appropriate local legal department address, but do not indicate that it is the legal department. -->
<p>Licensees of this program who wish to have information about it
for the purpose of enabling: (i) the exchange of information between
independently created programs and other programs (including this
one) and (ii) the mutual use of the information which has been exchanged,
should contact: <lines>IBM Bay Area Lab
1001 E Hillsdale Boulevard
Foster City, California 94404
U.S.A.</lines></p>
<p>Such information may be available, subject to appropriate terms
and conditions, including in some cases, payment of a fee. </p>
<p>The licensed program described in this document and all licensed
material available for it are provided by <tm tmtype="reg"
trademark="IBM">IBM</tm> under terms of the <tm tmtype="reg"
trademark="IBM">IBM</tm> Customer Agreement, <tm tmtype="reg"
trademark="IBM">IBM</tm> International Program License Agreement or
any equivalent agreement between us.</p>
<!--All books: Performance Data/Benchmark Statements. Use these statements in all documents that contain performance data. -->
<p>Any performance data contained herein was determined in a controlled
environment. Therefore, the results obtained in other operating environments
may vary significantly. Some measurements may have been made on development-level
systems and there is no guarantee that these measurements will be
the same on generally available systems. Furthermore, some measurements
may have been estimated through extrapolation. Actual results may
vary. Users of this document should verify the applicable data for
their specific environment. </p>
<!--All books: Non-IBM Product Statements. Use the following in all documents that contain information about non-IBM products.-->
<p>Information concerning non-IBM products was obtained from the suppliers
of those products, their published announcements or other publicly
available sources. <tm tmtype="reg" trademark="IBM">IBM</tm> has not
tested those products and cannot confirm the accuracy of performance,
compatibility or any other claims related to non-IBM products. Questions
on the capabilities of non-IBM products should be addressed to the
suppliers of those products. </p>
<!--All books: Statement of Direction/Intent. Use the following text in all documents that contain statements about future direction or intent. -->
<p>All statements regarding IBM's future direction or intent are subject
to change or withdrawal without notice, and represent goals and objectives
only. </p>
<!--All books: Price Statements. Use the following text in all documents that contain information about the prices of products. -->
<!--<p>All <tm tmclass="IGNORE" tmtype="reg" trademark="IBM">IBM</tm> prices
shown are IBM's suggested retail prices, are current and are subject
to change without notice. Dealer prices may vary. </p>-->
<!--All books: Planning-Type Statements. Use the following text in all documents that are released before the product it supports is released and that contains information that could change before the product is available. -->
<!--<p>This information is for planning purposes only. The information
herein is subject to change before the products described become available. </p>-->
<!--All books: Examples of Data and Reports Statements. Use the following text in all documents that contain examples that use fictitious names. -->
<p>This information contains examples of data and reports used in
daily business operations. To illustrate them as completely as possible,
the examples include the names of individuals, companies, brands,
and products. All of these names are fictitious and any similarity
to the names and addresses used by an actual business enterprise is
entirely coincidental. </p>
<!--Software (programming) books: Programming Examples Statements. Use the following text in all documents that contain code samples. If each code sample has an IBM Copyright, those notices are to be retained. Ensure that IBM really owns the code and that the owner (even if an IBM employee) knows that code is in the book. -->
<!--<p>COPYRIGHT LICENSE: </p><p>This information contains sample application
programs in source language, which illustrate programming techniques
on various operating platforms. You may copy, modify, and distribute
these sample programs in any form without payment to <tm tmclass="IGNORE"
tmtype="reg" trademark="IBM">IBM</tm>, for the purposes of developing,
using, marketing or distributing application programs conforming to
the application programming interface for the operating platform for
which the sample programs are written. These examples have not been
thoroughly tested under all conditions. <tm tmclass="IGNORE" tmtype="reg"
trademark="IBM">IBM</tm>, therefore, cannot guarantee or imply reliability,
serviceability, or function of these programs. The sample programs
are provided "AS IS", without warranty of any kind. <tm tmclass="IGNORE"
tmtype="reg" trademark="IBM">IBM</tm> shall not be liable for any
damages arising out of your use of the sample programs.</p>-->
<!--Software (programming) books: Additional Wording for Large or Complex Samples. If samples are complex and the developers want IBM to be acknowledged as the source, include the information in the following paragraph. If you have questions, contact your local IPL group. -->
<!--<p>Each copy or any portion of these sample programs or any derivative
work, must include a copyright notice as follows: </p><p>© your company
name) (year). Portions of this code are derived from <tm tmclass="IGNORE"
tmtype="reg" trademark="IBM">IBM</tm> Corp. Sample Programs. </p><p>©
Copyright <tm tmclass="IGNORE" tmtype="reg" trademark="IBM">IBM</tm> Corp.
_enter the year or years_. All rights reserved. </p>-->
<!--All books: Viewing in Softcopy Statements. Use the following text in all documents containing photographs or color illustrations that might not appear when the document is viewed online. -->
<!--<p>If you are viewing this information softcopy, the photographs and
color illustrations may not appear. </p>-->
</conbody>
<!--<concept id="pii" xml:lang="en-us">
{-COMMENT-}If your book has a programming audience, you might need to add the following topic and the
 CDPI statement. Verify the appropriateness of this topic with your technical owner.{-ECOMMENT-}
{-COMMENT-}Use if appropriate for your product.{-ECOMMENT-}
<title>Programming interface information</title>
<conbody>
{-COMMENT-}Programming interface information (as required; contact the CDPI group at your site for more information.) 
{-ECOMMENT-}
</conbody>
</concept>-->
<concept id="trademarks" xml:lang="en-us">
<title>Trademarks</title>
<conbody>
<!-- The official IBM trademark guidelines are available at https://w3-03.ibm.com/chq/legal/lis.nsf/lawdocsearchview/C1DAD1EEC3BDDFE485257459004F0435?OpenDocument. Always check that for the most accurate information.-->
<!--This is a sample only.  Your text should match the text that is officially maintained at https://w3-03.ibm.com/chq/legal/lis.nsf/lawdocsearchview/2447B77171176CFB8525745E006052F5?OpenDocument-->
<p><tm tmtype="reg" trademark="IBM">IBM</tm>, the <tm tmtype="reg"
trademark="IBM">IBM</tm> logo, and <tm tmtype="reg" trademark="ibm.com">ibm.com</tm> are
trademarks or registered trademarks of International Business Machines
Corp., registered in many jurisdictions worldwide. Other product and
service names might be trademarks of <tm tmtype="reg" trademark="IBM">IBM</tm> or
other companies. A current list of <tm tmtype="reg" trademark="IBM">IBM</tm> trademarks
is available on the Web at <q><xref format="html"
href="http://www.ibm.com/legal/copytrade.shtml" scope="external">Copyright
and trademark information</xref></q> at www.ibm.com/legal/copytrade.shtml.</p>
<!--Be sure to use the marks in regular
type form and in a truthful manner. Do not use a design trademark or logo
of another company, without first obtaining the express written permission
from that company.-->
<!--Your trademark attribution statement must include paragraphs for any of the companies with whom IBM has special contracts regarding specific trademarked terms. -->
<!--These terms, and their associated paragraphs, are listed at "Special attributions"; http://www.ibm.com/legal/copytrade.shtml#section-special. -->
<!--Copy those paragraphs here and change as needed.-->
<!--You need to include only the attribution for those trademarks that you actually use. Arrange the paragraphs in alphabetical order by company name.-->
</conbody>
</concept>
<!--<concept id="eenot" xml:lang="en-us">
{-COMMENT-}Use the following headings and text in documents that require such information. Contact the electronic emissions group at your site for more information on what to include.{-ECOMMENT-}
<title>Electronic emission notices</title>
<concept id="fcc" xml:lang="en-us">
<title>Federal Communications Commission (FCC) statement</title>
<conbody>
{-COMMENT-}Include the proper FCC and other notices.{-ECOMMENT-}
</conbody>
</concept>
</concept>-->
<concept id="privacypolicy" xml:lang="en-us">
<title>Privacy Policy Considerations</title>
<conbody>
<p><tm tmtype="reg" trademark="IBM">IBM</tm> Software products, including
software as a service solutions, ("Software Offerings") may use cookies
or other technologies to collect product usage information, to help
improve the end user experience, to tailor interactions with the end
user or for other purposes.  A cookie is a piece of data that a web
site can send to your browser, which may then be stored on your computer
as a tag that identifies your computer.  In many cases, no personal
information is collected by these cookies.   If a Software Offering
you are using enables you to collect personal information through
cookies and similar technologies, we inform you about the specifics
below. </p>
<p>Depending upon the configurations deployed, this Software Offering
may use session and persistent cookies that collect each user's user
name, and other personal information for purposes of session management,
enhanced user usability, or other usage tracking or functional purposes.
 These cookies can be disabled, but disabling them will also eliminate
the functionality they enable. </p>
<p>Various jurisdictions regulate the collection of personal information
through cookies and similar technologies. If the configurations deployed
for this Software Offering provide you as customer the ability to
collect personal information from end users via cookies and other
technologies, you should seek your own legal advice about any laws
applicable to such data collection, including any requirements for
providing notice and consent where appropriate.  </p>
<p><tm tmtype="reg" trademark="IBM">IBM</tm> requires that Clients
(1) provide a clear and conspicuous link to Customer's website terms
of use (e.g. privacy policy) which includes a link to IBM's and Client's
data collection and use practices, (2) notify that cookies and clear
gifs/web beacons are being placed on the visitor's computer by <tm
tmtype="reg" trademark="IBM">IBM</tm> on the Client's behalf  along
with an explanation of the purpose of such technology, and (3) to
the extent required by law, obtain consent from website visitors prior
to the placement of cookies and clear gifs/web beacons placed by Client
or <tm tmtype="reg" trademark="IBM">IBM</tm> on Client's behalf on
website visitor's devices</p>
<p>For more information about the use of various technologies, including
cookies, for these purposes, See <tm tmtype="reg" trademark="IBM">IBM</tm>'s
Online Privacy Statement at: http://www.ibm.com/privacy/details/us/en
section entitled "Cookies, Web Beacons and Other Technologies."</p>
</conbody>
</concept>
<?tm 1390248881 24?>
</concept>
<?Pub *0000016554?>
