<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!--Arbortext, Inc., 1988-2011, v.4002-->
<!DOCTYPE concept PUBLIC "-//IBM//DTD DITA IBM Concept//EN"
 "ibm-concept.dtd">
<?Pub Sty _display FontColor="red"?>
<?Pub Inc?>
<concept id="Contactingtechnicalsupport" xml:lang="en-us">
<title>Contacting <keyword conref="tokens.dita#tokens/u_Company"></keyword> technical
support</title>
<shortdesc>If you encounter a problem that you cannot resolve by consulting
the documentation, your company's designated support contact can log
a call with <keyword conref="tokens.dita#tokens/u_Company"></keyword> technical
support. To ensure that your problem is resolved efficiently and successfully,
you collect information before you log your call.</shortdesc>
<prolog>
<source>Shared widely</source>
<metadata>
<keywords><indexterm>technical support</indexterm></keywords>
</metadata></prolog>
<conbody>
<p>If you are not a designated support contact at your company, contact
your <keyword conref="tokens.dita#tokens/u_Company"></keyword> administrator
for information.</p>
<section><title>Information to gather</title><p>Before you contact <keyword
conref="tokens.dita#tokens/u_Company"></keyword> technical support,
gather the following information:</p><ul>
<li><p>A brief description of the nature of your issue.</p></li>
<li><p>Detailed error messages that you see when the issue occurs.</p></li>
<li><p>Detailed steps to reproduce the issue.</p></li>
<li><p>Related log files, session files, configuration files, and
data files.</p></li>
<li><p>Information about your product and system environment, which
you can obtain as described in "System information."</p></li>
</ul> </section>
<section> <title>System information</title><p>When you call <keyword
conref="tokens.dita#tokens/u_Company"></keyword> technical support,
you might be asked to provide information about your environment.</p><p>If
your problem does not prevent you from logging in, much of this information
is available on the <wintitle>About</wintitle> page, which provides
information about your <keyword conref="tokens.dita#tokens/u_Brand"></keyword> applications.</p><p>You
can access the <wintitle>About</wintitle> page by selecting <uicontrol>Help
> About</uicontrol>. <ph
product="Campaign Detect DistMkt eMessage Interact IntHist Leads MktOps Optimize Platform PredInsight">If
the <wintitle>About</wintitle> page is not accessible, you can obtain
the version number of any <keyword conref="tokens.dita#tokens/u_Brand"></keyword> application
by viewing the <filepath>version.txt</filepath> file that is located
under the installation directory for each application. </ph><ph
product="NetInsight CustInsight">If the <wintitle>About</wintitle> page
is not accessible, you can use the command <cmdname>nettracker admin
-buildinfo</cmdname> to obtain version information.</ph></p><?Pub
Caret 367?> </section>
<section id="a--f175df-113d4df9cad--7dfb"> <title>Contact information
for <keyword conref="tokens.dita#tokens/u_Company"></keyword> technical
support</title><p>For ways to contact <keyword
conref="tokens.dita#tokens/u_Company"></keyword> technical support,
see the <keyword conref="tokens.dita#tokens/u_Company"></keyword> Product
Technical Support website: (<xref format="html"
href="http://www.ibm.com/support/entry/portal/open_service_request"
scope="external">http://www.ibm.com/support/entry/portal/open_service_request</xref>).</p> <note>To
enter a support request, you must log in with an <keyword
conref="tokens.dita#tokens/u_Company"></keyword> account. If possible,
this account must be linked to your <keyword
conref="../Common/tokens.dita#tokens/u_Company"></keyword> customer
number. To learn more about associating your account with your <keyword
conref="tokens.dita#tokens/u_Company"></keyword> customer number,
see <menucascade><uicontrol>Support Resources > Entitled Software
Support</uicontrol></menucascade> on the Support Portal.</note> </section>
</conbody>
<?tm 1355846756 0?>
</concept>
<?Pub *0000003990?>
