<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!--Arbortext, Inc., 1988-2011, v.4002-->
<!DOCTYPE concept PUBLIC "-//IBM//DTD DITA IBM Concept//EN"
 "ibm-concept.dtd">
<?Pub Inc?>
<concept id="NoticesNotices" xml:lang="en-us">
<title>Notices</title><?Pub Caret -2?>
<shortdesc></shortdesc>
<prolog>
<author>IBM</author>
</prolog>
<conbody>
<p>This information was developed for products and services offered
in the U.S.A.</p>
<p><tm tmtype="reg" trademark="IBM">IBM</tm> may not offer the products,
services, or features discussed in this document in other countries.
Consult your local <tm tmtype="reg" trademark="IBM">IBM</tm> representative
for information about the products and services currently available
in your area. Any reference to an <tm tmtype="reg" trademark="IBM">IBM</tm> product,
program, or service is not intended to state or imply that only that <tm
tmtype="reg" trademark="IBM">IBM</tm> product, program, or service
may be used. Any functionally equivalent product, program, or service
that does not infringe any <tm tmtype="reg" trademark="IBM">IBM</tm> intellectual
property right may be used instead. However, it is the user's responsibility
to evaluate and verify the operation of any non-IBM product, program,
or service.</p>
<p><tm tmtype="reg" trademark="IBM">IBM</tm> may have patents or pending
patent applications covering subject matter described in this document.
The furnishing of this document does not grant you any license to
these patents. You can send license inquiries, in writing, to:</p>
<p><tm tmtype="reg" trademark="IBM">IBM</tm> Director of Licensing <tm
tmtype="reg" trademark="IBM">IBM</tm> Corporation North Castle Drive
Armonk, NY 10504-1785 U.S.A.</p>
<p>For license inquiries regarding double-byte (DBCS) information,
contact the <tm tmtype="reg" trademark="IBM">IBM</tm> Intellectual
Property Department in your country or send inquiries, in writing,
to:</p>
<p>Intellectual Property Licensing Legal and Intellectual Property
Law <tm tmtype="reg" trademark="IBM">IBM</tm> Japan Ltd. 1623-14,
Shimotsuruma, Yamato-shi Kanagawa 242-8502 Japan</p>
<p>The following paragraph does not apply to the United Kingdom or
any other country where such provisions are inconsistent with local
law: INTERNATIONAL BUSINESS MACHINES CORPORATION PROVIDES THIS PUBLICATION
"AS IS" WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EITHER EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING,
BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF NON-INFRINGEMENT, MERCHANTABILITY
OR FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE. Some states do not allow disclaimer
of express or implied warranties in certain transactions, therefore,
this statement may not apply to you.</p>
<p>This information could include technical inaccuracies or typographical
errors. Changes are periodically made to the information herein; these
changes will be incorporated in new editions of the publication. <tm
tmtype="reg" trademark="IBM">IBM</tm> may make improvements and/or
changes in the product(s) and/or the program(s) described in this
publication at any time without notice.</p>
<p>Any references in this information to non-IBM websites are provided
for convenience only and do not in any manner serve as an endorsement
of those websites. The materials at those websites are not part of
the materials for this <tm tmtype="reg" trademark="IBM">IBM</tm> product
and use of those websites is at your own risk.</p>
<p><tm tmtype="reg" trademark="IBM">IBM</tm> may use or distribute
any of the information you supply in any way it believes appropriate
without incurring any obligation to you. </p>
<p>Licensees of this program who wish to have information about it
for the purpose of enabling: (i) the exchange of information between
independently created programs and other programs (including this
one) and (ii) the mutual use of the information which has been exchanged,
should contact:</p>
<p><tm tmtype="reg" trademark="IBM">IBM</tm> Corporation</p>
<p>1001 E Hillsdale Blvd.</p>
<p>Foster City, CA 94404</p>
<p>USA</p>
<p>Such information may be available, subject to appropriate terms
and conditions, including in some cases, payment of a fee.</p>
<p>The licensed program described in this document and all licensed
material available for it are provided by <tm tmtype="reg"
trademark="IBM">IBM</tm> under terms of the <tm tmtype="reg"
trademark="IBM">IBM</tm> Customer Agreement, <tm tmtype="reg"
trademark="IBM">IBM</tm> International Program License Agreement or
any equivalent agreement between us.</p>
<p>Any performance data contained herein was determined in a controlled
environment. Therefore, the results obtained in other operating environments
may vary significantly. Some measurements may have been made on development-level
systems and there is no guarantee that these measurements will be
the same on generally available systems. Furthermore, some measurements
may have been estimated through extrapolation. Actual results may
vary. Users of this document should verify the applicable data for
their specific environment.</p>
<p>Information concerning non-IBM products was obtained from the suppliers
of those products, their published announcements or other publicly
available sources. <tm tmtype="reg" trademark="IBM">IBM</tm> has not
tested those products and cannot confirm the accuracy of performance,
compatibility or any other claims related to non-IBM products. Questions
on the capabilities of non-IBM products should be addressed to the
suppliers of those products.</p>
<p>All statements regarding IBM's future direction or intent are subject
to change or withdrawal without notice, and represent goals and objectives
only.</p>
<p>All <tm tmtype="reg" trademark="IBM">IBM</tm> prices shown are
IBM's suggested retail prices, are current and are subject to change
without notice. Dealer prices may vary.</p>
<p>This information contains examples of data and reports used in
daily business operations. To illustrate them as completely as possible,
the examples include the names of individuals, companies, brands,
and products. All of these names are fictitious and any similarity
to the names and addresses used by an actual business enterprise is
entirely coincidental.</p>
<p><b>Trademarks</b></p>
<p><tm tmtype="reg" trademark="IBM">IBM</tm>, the <tm tmtype="reg"
trademark="IBM">IBM</tm> logo, and <tm tmtype="reg" trademark="ibm.com">ibm.com</tm> are
trademarks or registered trademarks of International Business Machines
Corp., registered in many jurisdictions worldwide.</p>
<p>Other product and service names might be trademarks of <tm
tmtype="reg" trademark="IBM">IBM</tm> or other companies.</p>
<p>A current list of <tm tmtype="reg" trademark="IBM">IBM</tm> trademarks
is available on the Web at "Copyright and trademark information"
at www.ibm.com/legal/copytrade.shtml.</p>
</conbody>
<?tm 1423874974 24?>
</concept>
<?Pub *0000006840?>
